You guys in this video we're going to start to work on this main content area k the area where the posts
show up.
Now right now it's just a bunch of static HVM owls So we're going to go ahead and fix that.
So let's go into the index file in the my shop theme folder.
And we want to go to where we have this div class products.
And inside there we have these four column divs to represent each product.
I'm actually going to have a class of row on this products div.
And then what we want to do is get rid of all but one of these four call them devs.
So get rid of that one all the way down to this div right here.
OK we'll get rid of that.
And then inside the four column div I'm going to get rid of the content.
And then what we'll do is we'll go right above it.
And we want to create our while loop.
All right before we do the why although it's make sure that there are some posts so we're going to say
if
have hosts
man ended it down here.
OK so if the if there are some posts then we want are wild.
I saw say ph P
while
also a while have posts and then we have to just add the post straight here.
Right.
And then we'll do the end while I'm on the bottom of this div right here scrolls ph p and y
.
All right.
Now inside the div we're going to have an H 3.
And that's going to be the title so we can save ph P the title.
We're also going to have the thumbnails so let's do ph P and then we're going to check for the thumbnail
first.
So say if has has a host underscore
from now
k if there's a thumbnail then we're going to say ph P
The Post thumbnail
then we'll go right under the END-IF here and we need our button.
So it's going to actually be a link formatted as a button.
So we'll give it a class of button.
And then this is going to go to THP echo the permalink
K in the text.
Just say details.
OK.
So let's save that needs take a look.
So the reason we don't see anything here except for hello world is that's the only post we have.
So we're going to have to go in and create some posts just log back in real quick.
All right and we'll go to all posts and you can see we only have.
Hello world.
So let's go and click add new.
Now notice that there is no area for the featured image down here.
OK we're going to have to change.
We're going to have to add that so let's go to functions dot ph P and then we'll go into this.
And this theme set up function
and we're going to say add theme support
and we want to post thumbnails.
OK so now you can see down here we have the featured image box.
So let's go ahead and click that.
And I'm going to upload a file let me see if I can find it.
What's he trying to figure out where he put it.
OK so I have all these shirts.
I'm going to choose this blue and white one and we're going to set that as a featured image.
And let's call this
blue and white shirt.
And then for the the description we're just going to get some sample text.
Real quick.
OK so I'll just copy a couple of sentences for the description.
OK we'll paste that it and then we're also going to want the price.
So we're going to put that in and each three
say nine ninety nine and then we're also going to want the button.
So I'll give that a class of button
and just say fine now.
OK it's not going to have actual e-commerce functionality.
So this is what pretty much all of our products descriptions are going to look like.
Copy that.
And then let's choose the shirts category and we can add some tags to say blue shirt white shirt clothes
.
OK we added those and that looks good.
So let's go ahead and publish.
All right.
We'll go back to the home page and there's our shirt.
OK.
I'm going to disable the hello world post here.
All right so I guess I'll just move it to the trash.
All right.
And then we'll add some more.
So this one let's see we'll go upload the image
grab the black shirt
and say
black shirt and then I'm just going to paste in what we had for the other one
.
OK we'll publish that.
And I'm just going to go ahead and add the rest of them and I'll be back.
All right.
So I went ahead and added the rest of the products let's go to the front end and reload and there we
go.
So it's starting to look like a real shopping cart.
Now if I go on I click on the details it takes us to the correct place to the right product.
But this isn't how we want it set up.
All right we want to have the description we want it to walk like a real like a real shopping cart page
.
And another issue if we go to a regular page not to post like say the About page it's formatted the
same way as the main post page so we don't want that either.
So in the next video we'll take care of that and we'll get these pages looking correctly